CS Audit (#4)
makerdao/dss-flappers: README.md

### FlapperUniV2

Exposes a `kick` operation to be triggered periodically. Its logic draws `DAI` from the `msg.sender` and buys `gem` tokens on Uniswap v2. The acquired tokens, along with a proportional amount of additional `DAI` drawn from the `msg.sender`, are deposited back into the liquidity pool. Finally, the minted LP tokens are sent to a predefined `receiver` address.

Configurable Parameters:
* `hop` - Minimum seconds interval between kicks.
* `pip` - A reference price oracle, used for bounding the exchange rate of the swap.
* `want` - Relative multiplier of the reference price to insist on in the swap. For example, a value of 0.98 * `WAD` allows for a 2% worse price than the reference.

### FlapperMom

This contract allows bypassing the governance delay when disabling the Flapper in an emergency.

### OracleWrapper

Allows for scaling down an oracle price by a certain value. This can be useful when the `gem` is a redenominated version of an existing token, which already has a reliable oracle.

### Notes:

* The swapped amount (`lot`, or `vow.bump` in case the `vow` is the `msg.sender`) is received in 10^45 (`RAD`) resolution, and must be a multiple of 10^27 (`RAY`).

> * Availability and accounting of the drawn `DAI` is the responsibility of the `msg.sender`. In case that is the `vow`, at the time of a `kick`, it is expected to only hold the swapped amount (`lot`, or `vow.bump`) over the configured flapping threshold (`vow.hump`). As a `kick` operation also draws `DAI` for depositing in the pool (and not only for swapping), it can in practice reduce the Surplus Buffer to below that threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Availability and accounting of the withdrawn `DAI` is the responsibility of the `msg.sender`. In case that is the `vow`, at the time of a `kick`, it is expected to only hold the swapped amount (`lot`, or `vow.bump`) over the configured flapping threshold (`vow.hump`). As a `kick` operation also withdraws `DAI` for depositing in the pool (and not only for swapping), it can in practice reduce the Surplus Buffer to below that threshold.
```

Reviewer 2: ```
it is expected to only hold the swapped amount (`lot`, or `vow.bump`) over the configured flapping threshold (`vow.hump`).
```
Not entirely sure what this is trying to say. I would maybe rephrase it so say that the `msg.sender` is expected to hold at least 2.2*`lot` for a successful execution of `kick()`, given the additional 1-1.2*`lot` withdrawn for the deposit. And in the case where the `msg.sender` is the `vow`, this additional withdrawal implies that the Surplus Buffer can end up being reduced to below the `vow.hump` threshold after `kick()`.

Author: I broke that part to two, Let me know if it is easier to understand.
Would prefer not to explicitly mention the 2.2 value of the sanity check, as it doesn't come from some well defined restriction. Also, whould rather not need to change here if that value changes.
My main idea was to emphasize that `vow.hump` threshold is broken deliberately and prevent queries, don't think the amount itself changes so much.

# Dss Flappers

> Implementantions of MakerDao surplus auctions, triggered on `vow.flap`. The current featured Flapper is `FlapperUniV2`.

Reviewer: I like "Implementantions" though :)
